You stinky fortune teller
How dare you touch my husband?
Don't die
He is the Dragon King
Damn it, he dared to disrespect this Dragon King
I took a look at the hexagram
You don't have the life of the Dragon King
And today you must have
If you dare to impersonate the Dragon King again
Your Zhou family will be in disaster
People all know
Our Zhou family has obtained the agent of the Dragon King Palace
right
My dad has to talk to Lord Suzaku about cooperation now
You nobody
Dare to question my identity
Fan Ruoli
I kindly brought you to the dinner party
How dare you let such a lunatic humiliate me
Husband Li Moran
You always like to take what I don't want
I didn't expect it.
Now even the man I don't want likes it so much
I broke up with him
Just because he's a total softie
I only want to curry favor with the power of my Fan family
I didn't expect you to be dead after so long
I also met a brainless woman like you
Don't lie, don't lie
I guess so.
Husband, you said my husband is fake.
Could it be that your useless husband is the Dragon King Impermanence?
That's right, I'm the newcomer owner of Dragon King Store.
Supreme Dragon King Junior